# **Cloud Code for Visual Studio Code (Trusted Tester Program)**

## **USER TESTING AGREEMENT**

By accepting the invitation to the Cloud Code for Visual Studio Code repository, You, on behalf of Yourself and the organization You represent ("You"), agree to comply with the following terms. If You are clicking on behalf of an organization, do not click unless You are authorized to represent that organization.

1. **Participation.**
    1. Through the Google's user testing programs ("Program"), Google may give You access to certain products and services ("Google Products and Services"), which are in different stages of development. Those Google Products and Services may not always perform as specified.
    1. You are responsible for protecting Yourself, Your property and data, and others from any risks caused by Google Products and Services.
    1. Google may ask You to provide feedback. You are not required to provide feedback but if You do, it must only be from You, truthful, and accurate.
    1. Google will not provide any compensation for Your participation and Your participation may be suspended at any time.

1. **Intellectual Property Rights.**
    1. **Evaluation.** You may use the Google Products and Services to evaluate them. To the extent the Google Products and Services include downloadable software, Google hereby grants to you a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, limited license to copy the software for your internal evaluation purposes only.  Google retains title, ownership and all rights to any Google Products and Services and anything else that Google makes available to You. You may not use the Google Products and Services in a production environment.
    1. **Software Developed by You:** If permitted by the applicable Program, You may also use the Google Products and Services to develop software that interacts with the Google Products and Services, provided that You do not modify or distribute any of the Google Products and Services or include any of the Google Products and Services in the software You develop. Any software You develop may not violate (i) applicable laws, (ii) Google's or any third party rights, or (iii) any Google policies we notify You of. You retain title, ownership and all rights to any software You develop. However, Google will have the unlimited right to post the materials You submit to Google on Google's websites. At Your request Google, will review the source code of the software You develop and use the source code for support purposes. Google may use Residuals for any purpose, including use in the acquisition, development, manufacture, promotion, sale, or maintenance of products and services. The term "Residuals" means information that is retained in the unaided memories of Google's employees or contractors who have had access to the software You develop. Memory is unaided if the employee or contractor has not intentionally memorized the information for the purpose of retaining and subsequently using or disclosing it.
    1. **Google's Rights:** Except as provided in Section 2(b), Google shall own all rights to anything You choose to submit under this agreement. If that isn't possible, then You agree to do whichever of the following that Google asks You to do: transfer all of Your rights regarding Your submissions to Google, give Google an exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to Your submissions to Google, or grant Google any other reasonable rights. You will transfer Your submissions to Google, and sign documents and provide support as requested by Google, and You appoint Google to act on Your behalf to secure these rights from You. You waive any moral rights You have and agree not to exercise them, unless You notify Google and follow Google's instructions.
1. **Confidentiality.**
    1. Any information that Google provides under this agreement, as well as Your feedback and other submissions, are Google's confidential information. As an exception, information that You rightfully knew before receiving it from Google, is public information, or information that was lawfully disclosed to You is not confidential information under this agreement. You must immediately tell Google if You are legally required to disclose confidential information.
    1. You must keep all of Google's confidential information secret and use it only to evaluate Google Products and Services or develop software as set forth in Section 2.
1. **Term.** This agreement becomes effective when You click the "I Agree" button and remains in force until either party gives written termination notice, which shall be effective immediately. Upon termination, You will provide to Google, or, at Google's sole discretion, promptly destroy and delete all submissions and confidential information, and, if requested by Google, certify in writing compliance with this Section 4. Google shall remove You from the applicable Program and any related mailing lists within thirty (30) days of receiving Your termination notice. Section 2(b), Section 2(c) and Sections 3 through 9 survive any termination of this agreement.
1. **Warranty Disclaimer.** GOOGLE PROVIDES ALL GOOGLE PRODUCTS AND OTHER ITEMS AND INFORMATION HEREUNDER "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, GOOGLE AND ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IN CASE OF ANY DISSATISFACTION IS TERMINATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 4.
1. **Limitation of Liability.** TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL GOOGLE OR ITS SUPPLIERS HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, OR DATA, OR COST OF COVER. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, GOOGLE'S OR ITS SUPPLIER'S LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE APPLICABLE PROGRAM OR HARM CAUSED BY ANY GOOGLE PRODUCT SHALL NOT EXCEED THE MONETARY VALUE OF ANY FEEDBACK PROVIDED BY YOU HEREUNDER, OR ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS (US$100), WHICHEVER IS LESS. THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY IN THIS SECTION 6 SHALL APPLY TO ANY DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES, HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER DERIVED FROM CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF GOOGLE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE LIMITED REMEDIES AVAILABLE HEREUNDER FAIL OF THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY IN THIS SECTION 6 SHALL NOT APPLY, HOWEVER, WITH RESPECT TO ANY DAMAGES THAT GOOGLE INTENTIONALLY CAUSES TO YOU.
1. **Indemnification.** You agree to hold harmless and indemnify Google, its employees, agents, and representatives, from and against any third party claim related to Your use of Google products or other activities under this agreement.
1. **Governing Law.** This agreement is governed by California law, excluding California's choice of law rules. FOR ANY DISPUTE RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE PARTIES CONSENT TO PERSONAL JURISDICTION IN, AND THE EXCLUSIVE VENUE OF, THE COURTS IN SANTA CLARA COUNTY, CALIFORNIA,except that either party may seek injunctive relief in any court of competent jurisdiction worldwide.
1. **Personal Data.** Google's Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time, applies and is available on request or at http://www.google.com/privacy.html. Google may use and share personal information that You provide, to operate the applicable Program and exercise Google's rights. For example, Google may provide Your information to other participants where teamwork is beneficial. Google may use information from Your Google Account to determine which products Google might invite You to test. Google Account means Your Google account (either gmail.com address or an email address provided under the "Google Apps" product line); subject to those terms of service, as may be applicable.
1. **Miscellaneous.** You understand and agree that your participation in the applicable Program is completely voluntary. You understand and agree that you do not have a partnership, employer-employee, agency, or joint venture relationship with Google, and that you have no expectation of receiving compensation for your participation. You will not use the Google Products and Services to store or transfer any Customer Data that would be controlled for export under Export Control Laws. You must not be: (i) resident of a US embargoed country, (ii) ordinarily resident in a US embargoed country, or (iii) otherwise prohibited by applicable Export Control Laws and sanctions programs from participating in the Program. "Export Control Laws" means all applicable export and reexport control laws and regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations ("EAR") maintained by the U.S. Department of Commerce, trade and economic sanctions maintained by the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control, and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ("ITAR") maintained by the Department of State. Your rights and obligations under this agreement are specific to You, and You cannot assign them to anyone else. Google may freely assign or delegate its rights and obligations under this agreement. Google can modify the agreement and notify You, and Your continued participation in the applicable Program shall constitute Your acceptance of the modified agreement. You may not modify this agreement without Google's written consent. Failure to enforce any provision will not constitute a waiver. The English language version is legally binding and shall prevail in case of any inconsistencies with translated versions. This is the entire agreement between You and Google with respect to this subject matter and supersedes any prior oral or written agreements.